Template refactoring (#7779)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * Decomposition rules that can be accessed with the new graph-based decomposition system are
>   implemented. The following decompositions have been added:
>     [(#7779)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7779)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Several templates now have decompositions that can be accessed within the graph-based
  decomposition system (:func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph`), allowing workflows 
  that include these templates to be decomposed in a resource-efficient and performant
  manner.
    [(#7779)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7779)
  
  The included templates are:
```

    * :class:`~.Adder`
    
    * :class:`~.ControlledSequence`
  
    * :class:`~.ModExp`

    * :class:`~.Multiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutAdder`

    * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`

>     * :class:`~.OutPoly`

Reviewer: Nice!!! 🌟

Reviewer: Might be nice to include a code example that illustrates using one or two of these templates within a simple circuit and it being decomposed into elementary gates with the new system :)

Author: Great suggestion!

>     * :class:`~.OutAdder`
> 
>     * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`
> 
>     * :class:`~.OutPoly`
> 
>     * :class:`~.Multiplier`
>     
>     * :class:`~.ModExp`

Reviewer 2: To maintain lexicographical order:
```suggestion    
    * :class:`~.ModExp`

    * :class:`~.Multiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutAdder`

    * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutPoly`
```

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* Decomposition rules that can be accessed with the new graph-based decomposition system are
  implemented. The following decompositions have been added:

    * :class:`~.Adder`
      [(#7779)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7779)
    
    * :class:`~.ControlledSequence`
      [(#7787)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7787)
  
    * :class:`~.OutAdder`
      [(#7780)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7780)

    * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`
      [(#7781)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7781)

    * :class:`~.OutPoly`
      [(#7822)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7822)

    * :class:`~.Multiplier`
      [(#7834)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7834)
    
    * :class:`~.ModExp`

>       [(#7836)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7836)

Reviewer 3: Don't forget to update the PR links here.

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* Several templates now have decompositions that can be accessed within the graph-based
  decomposition system (:func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph`), allowing workflows 
  that include these templates to be decomposed in a resource-efficient and performant
  manner.
    [(#7779)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7779)
  
  The included templates are:
    * :class:`~.Adder`
    
    * :class:`~.ControlledSequence`
  
    * :class:`~.ModExp`

    * :class:`~.Multiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutAdder`

    * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutPoly`

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  from functools import partial
  
  qml.decomposition.enable_graph()
  
  x = 3
  k = 4
  mod = 7
  
  x_wires = [0,1,2]
  work_wires = [3,4,5,6,7]
  
  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  
  @partial(qml.transforms.decompose)
  @partial(qml.set_shots, shots=1)
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.BasisEmbedding(x, wires=x_wires)
      qml.Multiplier(k, x_wires, mod, work_wires)
      return qml.sample(wires=x_wires)
  ```

  ```pycon

>   >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())

Author: Hi @isaacdevlugt just add `qml.RX` and `qml.GlobalPhase` and it should work.

```
@partial(qml.transforms.decompose, gate_set={qml.GlobalPhase, qml.RX, qml.H, qml.X, qml.SWAP, qml.CNOT, qml.CSWAP, qml.Toffoli, qml.ControlledPhaseShift, qml.QubitUnitary, qml.CH})
@partial(qml.set_shots, shots=1)
@qml.qnode(dev)
def circuit():
    qml.BasisEmbedding(x, wires=x_wires)
    qml.Multiplier(k, x_wires, mod, work_wires)
    return qml.sample(wires=x_wires)

specs = qml.specs(circuit)()
print(specs['resources'].gate_types)

print(qml.draw(circuit)())
```

>   >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())

Author: This branch is for supporting jax-jit without capture/qjit supposedly.

>   >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())

Author: So, it's not in the specs because there is no `GlobalPhase` in the circuit when we don't have `qml.math.is_abstract(state) and not (qml.capture.enabled() or qml.compiler.active())`.

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* Several templates now have decompositions that can be accessed within the graph-based
  decomposition system (:func:`~.decomposition.enable_graph`), allowing workflows 
  that include these templates to be decomposed in a resource-efficient and performant
  manner.
    [(#7779)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7779)
  
  The included templates are:
    * :class:`~.Adder`
    
    * :class:`~.ControlledSequence`
  
    * :class:`~.ModExp`

    * :class:`~.Multiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutAdder`

    * :class:`~.OutMultiplier`

    * :class:`~.OutPoly`

  ```python
  import pennylane as qml
  from functools import partial
  
  qml.decomposition.enable_graph()
  
  x = 3
  k = 4
  mod = 7
  
  x_wires = [0,1,2]
  work_wires = [3,4,5,6,7]
  
  dev = qml.device("default.qubit")
  
  @partial(qml.transforms.decompose)
  @partial(qml.set_shots, shots=1)
  @qml.qnode(dev)
  def circuit():
      qml.BasisEmbedding(x, wires=x_wires)
      qml.Multiplier(k, x_wires, mod, work_wires)
      return qml.sample(wires=x_wires)
  ```

  ```pycon

>   >>> print(qml.draw(circuit)())

Author: Alright.
